Look back to the potential experiments in the previous assignment. For one of those experiments, 
write up the essential points of a research proposal for an improved version of that experiment.


In the past, the Jedi have had difficulty with public relations. They send two envoys, Jar Jar Binks 
and Mace Windu, to four friendly and four unfriendly planets respectively, with the goal of promoting 
favorable feelings toward the Jedi. Upon their return, the envoys learn that Jar Jar was much more effective 
than Windu: Over 75% of the people surveyed said their attitudes had become more favorable after speaking with Jar Jar, 
while only 65% said their attitudes had become more favorable after speaking with Windu. This makes Windu angry, 
because he is sure that he had a better success rate than Jar Jar on every planet. The Jedi choose Jar Jar to be their 
representative in the future.


1) I'm seeing selection bias here. The problem is the method used to getting the
desired result. Using surveys, you can cover a wide range of topics, making it
easy to tamper with and getting random results. The Jedi are focused on one 
specific topic, to increase public relations. 

I propose we use another experiment instead of a survey. 

Having the envoys go to all 8 planets (four friendly and four unfriendly planets) 
simultaneously with the same goal of increasing public relations for the Jedi. 
Instead, we use the poll system to getting the desired, more clearer results. 
The Jedi can have both envoys make public appearances and compare the two in polls.
For example, if Jar Jar exceeds 50% and returns with 75% than his competitor, 
Windu, should have 25%. The Jedi can make it similar to a presidential race.

The Jedi will observe the poll as the envoys collect favors from each planets. Both
enoys begin at the (50%|50%) mark. As the envoys collect favors, the poll 
will vary. We will observe this method until both envoys are finished gathering
favored votes from everyone in every planet.

By the end of the poll, if the Jedi still manage to have an increase in public 
relations, and both of the candidates agree this method is a fair choice for
results, conclude the poll method was a more efficient way to gain clearer results
for the Jedi to decide their future representative. If the public relations have
not changed while proceeding with this method, attempt another experiment. 
